- Clarifications for Public Cloud setup (#692)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/pubcloud-setup.adoc

[[public-cloud-setup]]
= Public Cloud Setup

> {productname} is pre-installed in images available in the Public Cloud. You do not need to perform any installation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} is pre-installed on images that are available in the Public Cloud. 
You do not need to perform any installation steps.
```

However, you must have the correct {productname} and {sle} entitlements to receive updates before you can manage client systems.

> {productname} is only offered as bring your own subscription (BYOS) images. Entitlements are provided by {suse} or a partner, and can be obtained using the {scc}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} is only offered as bring your own subscription (BYOS) images. 
Entitlements are provided by {suse} or a partner, you can use {scc} to obtain your entitlements.
```

> {sle} system images for clients are generally available in 2 flavors, on-demand images (also referred to as pay as you go - PAYG) and BYOS images. If you are managing on-demand instances the entitlement for the client itself is part of the on-demand pricing. For on-demand instances you need to do some extra preparation before you can manage the system with {productname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{sle} system images for clients are generally available as on-demand or pay as you go (PAYG) images, or as bring your own subscription (BYOS) images. 
If you are managing on-demand instances, the entitlement for the client is part of the on-demand pricing. 
For on-demand instances you need to do some extra preparation before you can manage the system with {productname}.
```

Reviewer: We probably need to check this entire chapter for hyphenation consistency in "on-demand".

> An instance started from a SUSE published on-demand instance will automatically register against and update infrastructure and all {sle} modules are activated. This automation should be disabled for systems managed with {productname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An instance started from an on-demand image provided by {suse} is automatically registered, and the update infrastructure and {sle} modules are activated. 
For {productname} clients, you need to disable this automation before you begin.
```

.Procedure: Preparing On Demand Images

> . Log into the on demand instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the on-demand instance.
```

> . At the command prompt, as root, remove the registration data and repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. At the command prompt, as root, remove the registration data and repositories:
```

+
---
registercloudguest --clean
---

> . then remove the `cloud-regionsrv-client` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Remove the ``cloud-regionsrv-client`` package:
```
